Requirements:
Up to 5 LAGs,
Up to 16 LAG_MEMBERs,
Up to 32 PORTs,
Supported LAG attributes: PORT_LIST,
Supported LAG_MEMBER attributes: PORT_ID, LAG_ID.


1. Check that LAG can be created (base case).
2. Check that port can be added to LAG with correct parameters
3. Check that correct behaviour is observed when trying to add lag member with missing/invalid PORT_ID
4. Check that correct behaviour is observed when trying to add lag member with missing/invalid LAG_ID
5. Check that correct behaviour is observed when trying to add lag member with incorrect number of attributes
6. Check that correct behaviour is observed when trying to add lag member with incorrect type of attributes is provided
7. Check that correct behaviour is observed trying to add lag member with NULL reference for attributes
8. Check that correct behaviour is observed when trying to add already existing port to LAG
9. Check that behaviour is correct when adding port to multiple LAGs
10. Check that correct behaviour is observed when trying to add lag member with no parameters
11. Check that multiple LAGs can be created (up to 5)
12. Check that correct behaviour is observed  when trying to create 6th LAG
13. Check that all created lags have unique IDs
14. Check that last created LAG can be removed
15. Check that previously created LAG can be removed (out of creation order)
16. Check that empty LAG can be removed
17. Check that LAG with ports added can be removed
18. Check that multiple ports can be added to the LAG(up to 16)
19. Check that correct behaviour is observed  when trying to add 17th port to LAG
20. Check that last added port can be removed from the LAG
21. Check that previously added port (not the last one) can be removed from the LAG
22. Check that all ports can be removed from the LAG
23. Check that correct LAG_MEMBER attributes are returned for LAG_MEMBERs
24. Check that correct PORT_LIST is returned for lag
25. Check that expected behaviour is observed when trying to GET nonexistent parameter for LAG (e.g PORT_ID)
26. Check that expected behaviour is observed when trying to GET nonexistent parameter for LAG_MEMBER (e.g PORT_LIST)